= Litmus Mailer

Litmus Mailer adds an ActionMailer observer to update your Litmus tests
each time an email is delivered from development.

Now you have no excuse for not knowing what your emails look like.

== Requirements

* Ruby 1.9.2+
* Rails 3.0+

== Installation

In your Gemfile, add

    group :development do
      gem 'litmus'
      gem 'litmus_mailer'
    end

Now create a file at `app/initializers/litmus_mailer.rb`

    if Rails.env == 'development'
      LitmusMailer::Config.subdomain = 'your_litmus_subdomain'
      LitmusMailer::Config.username = 'your_listmus_username'
      LitmusMailer::Config.password = 'your_listmus_password'
      LitmusMailer::Config.ssl = true
      LitmusMailer::Config.test_name_prefix = 'MyApplication-'
    end

You're done! A new Litmus test will be created for every action of every
mailer, every time you deliver an email from development.

== Contributing to litmus_mailer

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Logan Koester. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

